Both the title and content fields in our article table are required.
And because of the validation we just added We can't answer to New rijkaard Unless we supply a value
for these fields.
However if we leave the publication date blank when we submit the farm a rijkaard is inserted into the
database.
The publication date however is set to all zeros which is not what we want as this field can be.
No we want this to be set to know.
If we dont supply a value in the farm.
Its at this point here when we call the bind Paran function that the values are being bound into the
place holders in the rescue L statement.
So before we do this let's check to see that the published at variable is empty and if it is we'll set
it to null.
There isn't a type for nold when we bind this value to the ESC.
Well the database server handles this are to magically So it's safe to leave this as an S flustering.
Let's try inserting a rijkaard again leaving the publication date blank.
And the rijkaard has been successfully inserted with the publication date set to NULL.